(Notice) - This patch contains all the changes committed to the project,
so no matter what version of the game you are playing, this will always
update it to the latest.
Thank you to everyone who has reported issues, as this helps to bring
this fabulous game nearer to its most perfect form.

r16
- Corrected boss Extra Effect "King's Glory" which erroneously
  stated that attacks were always at least 75% effective, when
  in reality it is 100%.
- Clarified certain instances of the verbiage "EX Effect" to
  "extra effect" to disambiguate it from "EX Skill" effects.
  This was a holdover from certain skill descriptions which were
  originally written under an assumption of less available space
  for skill descriptions which at one point necessitated such
  abbreviations, but the need for that was eliminated due to
  UI/font adjustments.

r15
- Clarified and corrected skill description for Spirit Bless's
  Fae Force passive skill. Previously it was misinterpreted to
  state that it affects "all-targeting" Esper magic, when in
  reality it applies a blanket 1.3x boost to any and all Esper
  weapons and skills used by the party.
  
r14
- Clarified instructions for certain Bonus Room dialogues.
- Slight clarification to "Stat Drop" text when checking the
  Ailment Info tab in the Options menu.
- Corrected an errant instance of "Normal" type referring
  to "Neutral" type.
- Added an additional line of text to the tutorial message
  when you first see a stat buff/debuff skill occur in battle
  which explains that Neutral types are immune to stat
  reductions. This line is absent in the original Japanese
  text, but I felt it was important to include it.
- Minor correction to a skill description where "Ice" type
  was erroneously listed as "Frost" type.
- Reworked wording of the "King's Breath" passive skill's
  description for clarity. "Type% cannot be reduced" rather
  than "Type% cannot go negative".
- Other minor adjustments to skill descriptions for clarity.
- Few minor text tweaks here and there.
- Added the names of the types to the type chart to clarify
  which ones are which in case anyone has trouble identifying
  them based on the symbols the first time they see them.
- Made extensive rewrites to the skill descriptions for both
  Wind I's Survival Instinct and Quick Move's Emergency Dodge
  skills to clarify what they do, as these are some of the
  most confusing skills in the game even in the original
  Japanese text due to a lack of context for what is defined
  as the "lower limit for HIT%/accuracy". The changes made
  may not be in the spirit of good translation, but as it is
  with Quick Move's Overboost, I feel that clarity is better
  than the alternative here.

revision not constituting a numbered release (8/8/2024)
- Appended EasyRPG Player info to the RPG_RT.ini file to
  make sure the player is forced into the proper encoding,
  as some users were presented with a Japanese naming
  screen when selecting the name of the Teleport Fairy
  or entering passwords for carry-over data. English
  characters are still accessible from the Japanese
  naming screen, but not all players may understand how
  to do this.

r13
- Minor text tweaks.

r12
- Corrected a line where Leaf Barrier's name was incorrectly
  written as "Recovery Barrier" as she identifies herself to
  Flame I.
- Corrected inconsistent revert message for Starlight I's
  Body Taker skill, which was listed as [Give Me Your Body!]

r11
- Minor revisions to certain skill descriptions for clarity.
- Corrected certain skill name images that were inconsistent
  with the names in equipment descriptions when inspected from
  the equipment list. Such as:
  Hell Edge -> Dusk Blade
  Klapti Blood -> Skill Drain
  Life Absolute -> Dogma Blade
  The latter two are actually incorrect and inconsistent
  in the Japanese version itself, so I debated whether I
  should change them so they match, but ultimately I did.
  It had bothered me for some time.

r10
- Minor corrections to certain enemy skill names.
- Minor correction to an "Extra Effect" name.
- Minor clarification of Hardcore difficulty's description.
- Completely rewrote Quick Move's "Overboost" skill description
  to provide clearer information about how it works. I suspect
  that the original Japanese description's vagueness was due to a
  lack of available space for the description, which led players to a
  poor understanding of how it works by never specifying what the
  "multiple" is that Quick Move gains extra attacks based on.
  Description now clearly and plainly states that while Overboost
  is active, Quick Move attacks (User's AGI)/(Foe's AGI) times.
  Also states the hard cap of 5 hits, and clarifies that Overboost
  does not take into account AGI buffs/debuffs when calculating how many
  extra attacks will be performed. Neither of the latter clarifications
  are written anywhere in the original Japanese skill description,
  necessitating either blind experimentation, consulting the wiki,
  or datamining the game, neither of which should be required to
  understand how a skill works.
  I have debated a long time about whether to do something like this,
  but I have ultimately decided that regardless of whether this is in
  the spirit of good translation, it is more important that the player
  has a complete understanding of how Overboost functions than for the
  text to read exactly to the letter of the original Japanese description.

r9
- Clarified an extremely poorly worded skill description for the [Virus]
  skill, ensuring that it is abundantly clear how it functions.
  (If attacking a foe with something they would normally be immune to,
   Virus disregards the immunity entirely, allowing attacks to deal damage
   that would otherwise do nothing. In addition, completely disregards
   foes' status resistances, allowing statuses to affect them which they
   would normally be immune to, such as Poison to a Steel type.)
- Clarified Wind I Greatsword's [Wind of Death] skill by specifying that
  the downsides being negated are those of the skills [Big Sword] and
  [Superhuge Sword], rather than saying that the downsides being negated
  were inherent to "Greatswords and Huge Swords."
- Clarified the "Type Matchup Chart" message so as not to confuse players.
  The original text stated "X Axis: Attacker  Y Axis: Defender" which was
  exactly what the original Japanese text stated.
  The updated text states "Y Axis: Attacker  X Axis: Defender" now.
  The assumption of the original text was apparently that players would
  imagine a cross on the chart and reference the types on the imaginary
  lines of that cross. Few western players would assume this to be the
  case, however, necessitating this change.

r8
- Corrected a translation miss on the Crystal Atelier's short description
  of the Crystal Guard which incorrectly stated that it "bears" the types of
  Ghost and Earth, when in reality it "responds to" them (its synthesis
  options are Ghost and Earth magicite).

r7
- Corrected an outright miss on my end where Ingrid's rewards were mis-TL'd
  as "Water Magicite Gem(s)" when in reality they are "Crystal Gem(s)"

r6
- Added a corrected valid name for the Darkness I's Black Market Dungeon
  carryover check, but still left in one that is "wrong" for the benefit
  of those who might check Enchant Farm's atwiki page and google translate
  it to get the answer.
- Corrected Blind's character glossary/base stats graphic, as it had
  an old placeholder icon for the Normal/Neutral type.

r5
- Corrected discrepancy between Starlight I's "Mahanma" skill and the
  one she uses in battle "Mahama" as both should have been Mahama.
- Corrected a slight grammatical error with a fairy dialogue where
  there was a singular/plural disagreement between 2 text boxes.

r4
- Corrected error in "Power Charge" skill description, which mis-stated
  a STR increase of 2 stages rather than 1. This accounts for both the
  in-game text as well as the text image.
- Changed the name of an enemy skill "Sagaku Sword" to "Differential Cut"
  to convey the idea of what the move actually does rather than leaving it
  in "awesome cool" sounding Japanese. Note that this skill is given the
  name "Minus Strike" where it appears in Final Fantasy IX.
- Changed the name of an enemy skill "Tail Wag" to "Tail Whip" as it is
  meant to be a direct reference to the Pokemon move of the same name.
- Slight edit to battle text that indicates that the player's healing
  water has evaporated to say "Your" healing water rather than "The"
  healing water

r3
- Stone I's "Build Up" skill image was incorrectly listed as "Power Up"
  and was inconsistent with its seal/unseal message.

r2
- Fixed text color code error present in another skill description.

r1
- Corrected ambugious wording of Water I's "Normal Guard" skill.